(slow somber piano)
- [Hachiko] Takumi, and I
couldn't stop kissing each
other.
Without saying a word, we
made our way to the bedroom.
I heard Nana, leaving the
apartment.
even though I wasn't
exactly thinking straight,
in the back of my mind
I thought she must have
been going to see Ren.
(pop metal music)
(traffic commotion)
- [Shinichi] Hey, Nobuo, let's
go home.
We'll get a cab and I'll
even pay for it.
(footsteps) (sighs)
- [Nobuo] You want to go home,
then go.
- Can I crash with you?
- [Nobuo] Go to one of your lady
friends.
- Nah, I don't want to,
I'm not in the mood.
Takumi, pisses me off?
Hachi's, our pet.
He shouldn't have stolen her
away from us.
- She isn't a dog, you know.
- But it's not fair,
what he's done to you.
You need to get her back Nobuo.
You do like Hachi, don't you?
- I can't.
- You big coward.
- There's nothing I can do about
it.
Hachi's, totally in love with
him.
- But that's just her
being a big fan, right?
- It might have started off like
that.
But now that they
actually know each other,
she's seriously in
love with him.
Otherwise there's no way
she'd have let him go
all the way with her.
- But that was the first day
they met.
How could she be in love with
him?
(lighter ignites)
She probably just wanted to
sleep him and got carried away.
(Grunts) (footsteps)
- How can you talk about her
like that?
Hachi's, not that kind of girl.
Takumi, must have worked
his slimy charms on her,
and she fell for it.
He duped her into sleeping with
him.
- You really think so?
Personally, I don't think
Hachi's, that stupid?
- She isn't stupid, but
she is naive,
and she's way too honest.
- [Shinichi] Well, yeah,
I can see that.
But don't forget how
disappointed you were
when you finally met Reira,
and found out what she
was really like.
You've got some unrealistic
ideas about women.
Remember, it's not just
men that get horny.
It happens to women too.
- Oh, come on, this is Hachi,
we're talking about here.
You can't lump her in with all
the sluts,
you've been mooching off of.
- Listen, I don't think it's
fair to say
all the women who wanna
sleep with me are sluts.
That's being very simplistic.
Sure, maybe they're being
a little shortsighted,
but that's only because
they're lonely.
Hachi, had just broken
up with her boyfriend.
Maybe she was feeling lonely.
(Nobuo sighs)
You didn't make a move,
and so what happens?
A guy like Takumi, moves
in and takes her instead.
(Nobuo grunts)
But knowing Hachi,
even if this was something
that happened in the heat of
the moment.
I'll bet she'll get more
and more attached to him.
If Takumi, treats her
like all his other women
it's obvious Hachi's, gonna
get hurt.
Doesn't it bother you to
think that might happen to her?
It bothers the hell outta me.
- (exhales) Hmm.
(engine revving)
- [Nobuo] You know, I'm
surprised at you.
- Huh?
- You criticize Takumi, for
the way he treats women.
But the way I see it,
what you do is just as
bad as what he does.
I just had no idea you
were so loyal to Hachi.
- Nah, she's the one who's
loyal to me.
- Stop talking like she's
some puppy dog.
- It's just that the women I
know, want something from me.
They wanna be with me for my
body,
or they want to have my heart.
But Hachi's, so sweet to me,
and she doesn't want anything in
return.
That's how I know she cares.
- But when you fall in love
with someone,
you want everything from them.
It's only natural to
feel that way.
- Is it, now?
If you want her, then go for it
- Huh? Yeah but,
I believe it's just like you
said.
Real love can only happen
when you want the best
for the other person,
and never ask for anything in
return.
Well, at least that's
the way I feel.
I can't take this anymore!
I just can't forgive
that guy for what he did.
- I can tell you love her a lot,
Nobuo,
with all your heart.
(car approaching)
(door opens)
- [Driver] Hey, your change!
(loud steps)
(door opens)
(exhausted breathing)
- [Waiter] Hi, good evening.
Looking for a table for one?
(footsteps)
- [Yasushi] What's going on?
- Heh?
(squeaking)
Sorry, it really isn't that
big of a deal.
- You better tell me.
Do you know what time it is?
It's four in the morning.
Something must have happened
to make you call me at this
hour.
So come on, out with it.
(clanking)
Coffee please.
- [Waiter] Sure, anything else?
- [Yasushi] What about
you, you want a latte?
- No. Nothing for me, thanks.
- You should get something.
I'm happy to pay if you're short
on cash.
Aren't you hungry?
- Actually, the problem is I
don't have any cash right now.
- No problem, how much do you
need?
I don't have a lot on me, but.
- [Osaki] No, no, it's not like
that.
I forgot my wallet.
Once I got here and ordered,
I suddenly realized I'd left it
at home.
So I called you.
(laughing)
Why are you laughing?
- [Yasushi] So that's all it
was.
Why didn't you say so when you
called?
(gasps)
The way you said help me,
in such a frightened little
voice.
I didn't know what to think.
- I said, I'm sorry okay.
- [Yasushi] It's fine, don't
worry.
I'm just relieved there wasn't
anything seriously wrong.
(lighter ignites)
(exhales)
Come on, let's order something.
Why are you being so quiet?
It's not like you at all.
They've got some cake here.
Strawberry have some.
(slurping)
So you're gonna tell me
why you're sitting here by
yourself,
when it's the middle of the
night,
and you're so close to home?
You can't fool me, what
happened?
Did you and Nana, have
a fight or something?
(sigh)
- Takumi's over at our place.
- Huh!
I came here 'cause I didn't
feel like getting in the way.
- [Takumi] It's weird
seeing that.
It doesn't even seem
like that's me.
Do I really look like that?
- Huh?
- Oh, sorry, were you asleep?
Do you always fall
asleep after doing it?
It happened last time too.
- [Hachiko] Not really.
Last time I was pretending
to be asleep
'cause you were leaving, and
I didn't wanna say goodbye.
But this time I know
you're gonna stay with me.
And what did you just say?
Sorry.
- [Takumi] Last time
you were so shy,
but tonight you were wild.
So, who's been teaching you?
- Nobody, honest!
- I have to say I'm
kind of jealous.
He's nothing for you to be
jealous of.
- But, don't you have a
boyfriend?
- What kind of weird question
is that to ask right now?
No, there's no boyfriend.
- Good, I'm glad.
- He's glad!
- [Takumi] But I'm surprised.
You're so cute, I thought
you'd be dating lots of guys.
- Oh no, I hardly get
anyone interested in me.
(lighter ignites)
Unlike you, Mr. Takumi.
- Drop the Mr. thing please.
(gasps)
- So what about you?
You must have lots of
girlfriends wherever you go.
- Well, no, not really.
Things never work out.
- Right, I might be stupid,
but I'm not stupid
enough to fall for that.
- [Takumi] Huh?
That you have girls hanging all
over you.
- No, that couldn't be
further from the truth.
I lead a pretty lonely life.
- You expect me to believe that?
- [Takumi] Well, to be honest,
the band has to take priority in
my life,
and I'm always busier
way on tour.
I'm terrible at checking
my email,
and anytime I make plans to
see someone,
I usually have to bail on them.
So relationships are kind of
difficult.
Every once in a while I get
some time off,
and I'll call some girl
up from the past but,
they usually say, I don't
want anything to do with you.
- No way, how could they?
But you can't help it, if
your work keeps you busy.
- You're the only one who's ever
understood that Nana.
That's what makes you special.
- Well, the truth is I'm a
Trapnest, fan first and
foremost,
then a fan of Takumi's.
If you are not working hard
on the music for the band,
then what's the point?
- (laughing) Nana, you
really are cute,
you know that.
(gasp)
(music box playing)
(clanging)
Nana,
I won't lose you to anyone.
I want you all to myself.
- [Yasu] So Takumi's,
at your place?
What for?
- Can't you guess what for?
They were making out just inside
the door.
Hachi, was all emotional.
- (grunts) What the hell?
When did they start seeing each
other?
- I don't know.
- Oh, come on.
You must have some idea.
- When I say, I don't know!
(gasps)
But, what can I do?
It's none of my business who
Hachi, decides to go out with.
- [Yasushi] Well, I've
got a problem with it.
I don't wanna see
her dating Takumi.
He's such a womanizer,
it's not even funny.
- Yeah, well sometimes love
is blind.
If a girl thinks she's
in love with a guy,
she's gonna do it with him
no matter what he's like.
Even if it means getting
hurt in the end.
- Well, that's easy for you
to say,
it worked out
for you.
- Anyway, we all know
how cute Hachiko, is.
Takumi, might end up falling
madly in love with her.
It'd be just like when
Ren, fell in love with me.
(sighs)
- Yeah, I guess there's the
possibility that could happen.
But, I don't know.
- Well, what matters
is, I'm on Hachis, side.
I was really hoping she would
find herself a new boyfriend.
So what if it's Takumi,
she's always had a crush on him.
I'm gonna support her anyway,
'cuase she's my friend.
(smacks)
Still,
why did it have to be him?
Takumi, of all people.
- Hmph, you realize you're
not making a lot of sense.
You're the one who
introduced Takumi, and Nana,
to each other in
the first place.
- [Osaki] I know!
But, I didn't think
the two of them
were gonna end up in the sack.
- So, you're telling me
you didn't know
what kind of reputation
he had with women.
- That isn't the point,
I don't give a damn
about his bad reputation!
- Then why are you so freaked
out about them being together?
(sighs)
- Why does Trapnest,
have to keep doing this?
They're taking away everything
that's important to me.
(gasps)
(music box starts playing)
The thing is, I know Ren, and
Hachi, don't belong to me.
They're people, not possessions,
and it's totally wrong of me
to even let myself
think of them like that.
People can spend their time
together,
but ultimately we're all alone.
Everyone's got their own
life to live,
and I know it's impossible
to make someone mine.
But sometimes that realization
just makes me feel
even more lonely.
You know what worries me?
I really was thinking of
Hachiko, as my pet puppy dog.
I'm the worst.
(clanking)
(sips)
(sighs)
(phone rings)
- Hmm?
- Hmm.
(Keypad beeps)
Hmm.
- Heh.
I'm going straight
to work from here.
Why don't you catch
a cab with me.
That way you could talk this
over some more with Ren.
(engine revving)
- [Osaki] I'm sorry Yasu,
I, sometimes I think I
depend on you too much,
even though I know it.
I keep doing it.
- If you know you keep doing it
then it's time to grow
up and fend for yourself.
How am I gonna get a girlfriend,
when I have you, calling me
at all hours of the night?
- You're absolutely right.
I'm gonna try my
hardest to grow up
before you get back together
with Reira.
- And what makes you think
I should get back together
with Reira?
- Because if fate has
anything to do with it,
everything that's important
to me
will be taken by Trapnest.
- [Yasushi] I'm in the same
boat as you on that one.
- Hmm?
- First of all, my
girlfriend up and leaves me,
so she can move to Tokyo
with the band.
Next, they go and head
hunt my best friend.
And then there's the
singer in my band.
She's going out with the
guitar player from Trapnest.
- (gasps) You're so right!
How can I feel happy about
going to see the guitarist
of a rival band in the
middle of the night?
- Oh?
So, you're happy being with Ren.
That's good to know.
- Maybe I should go home
- Go see him.
- (smacks) Damn it all.
Why is it always like this?
I bet this has got something
to do with Hachi's, demon lord,
or maybe Trapnest is actually
an army of demon lords.
- You know, it's hard to believe
how much you and Ren, are alike.
- Huh?
- Before Ren, moved to Tokyo,
I remember him saying the kind
of stuff
you've been saying tonight.
(somber music)
- In the end, we are all alone.
No matter how hard you
try or how close you get,
it's impossible for two
people to become as one.
- [Ren] I know it's impossible,
but sometimes I really
wish that Nana, was mine.
It's like, I want her
all for myself.
That way I could just slip
her into my jacket pocket,
and take her with me to
live in Tokyo.
- Nah, she'd never fit
in your pocket.
I know this might sound like
a crazy idea,
but you could just
ask her to come with you.
- (chuckles) Wouldn't
that be cool?
I'll give it a try.
- [Yasushi] Yeah, do it.
(somber music continuing)
- [Ren] You can live your
life however you want.
(footsteps approaching)
- I'd forgotten you can
see the ocean in Tokyo,
I like it.
- It's a pretty amazing
view, wanna move in?
- Hmm, I'll think about it.
(sighs)
- [Hachiko] The next day,
Takumi, ate nearly all the food
I prepared the night before.
And in the afternoon, he left,
saying he had work to do.
(slow piano music)
I couldn't wait to tell Nana,
everything.
I wanted to tell her
before all the happiness
that I was feeling, faded away.
Nana's, late getting home.
She told me she didn't have
plans
for anything special today.
Maybe she's still over at Ren's,
place.
But if Takumi, had to
leave to go to work,
then so would Ren.
- [Takumi] Well, even
when we get a day off,
there's still lots to do.
I'm sorry,
I'll call you later.
- Maybe he isn't working
after all.
(whimpers) No, I have to
believe in him!
I'm different from all
of the other girls.
He trusts me 'cause I
understand him.
(keypad beeping)
Nana, when are you coming home?
I've got lots to tell you.
(doorbell rings)
(gasps)
(fast steps)
(door opens)
Hey, welcome home!
Ah.
- Honey, I'm home.
Isn't that how it goes?
(laughing)
- Sorry, Nobuo, it's you!
I thought it was Nana.
(chuckles)
- Ah, so Nana's, still out.
- Mhm.
I think she must be over at
Rem's, place.
- Right?
- Sorry, come on in.
(footsteps)
I was just sending Nana, a text.
Do you want me to call her?
- Uh, no,
actually I came here to see you
Hachi.
I need to talk, to you.
- To me?
(clank)
- No, I don't need to
be drunk to say this!
- What's going on?
(sighs)
Did something happen?
(gasps)
(smacks)
(sighs)
- [Nobuo] I can't do it.
- Can't do what?
- [Nobuo] I'll come back later!
- What the hell?
(bonking)
- I should never have come.
I can't compete with him.
(door opens)
What was I thinking?
- What are you talking about?
Let me help you.
- One of these days,
I'll show him.
- Show who?
- Takumi.
(dramatic music)
(footsteps)
(crickets chirping)
(footsteps approaching)
(beeps)
- [Messenger] You have two new
messages.
(beeps)
(footsteps)
- Yo Yasu, it's me Naoki!
(thud)
I just left a message on your
cell phone.
It'd be great to see you
sometime.
When are you free?
(clanking)
I can bring Reira, with me.
Ha ha, call me, see ya.
(crinkling)
(beep)
- What's with everyone these
days?
(lighter ignites)
- My name's Kawano,
I'm calling from Gaia Music.
We've had a chance to
review your demo tape,
and your live video.
We'd like to set up a meeting
with you as soon as possible.
(ambient rock music)
(shuffling)
- Are you serious, you sure?
- [Cashier] That comes
to 1,215 yuan please.
- Here well, why don't you
let me take care of that.
(smacks)
- It's my stuff.
(shuffling)
(thud)
- Mind if we throw this in too?
(gasps)
- [Hachiko] Hey Nana, our
lives were so intertwined,
but still, I didn't
understand you at all.
I had no idea I was hurting you.
Please forgive me.